docs: add guideline to create a pipeline using user's  own model (#64)
instill-ai/vdp: README.md

        # You must return a list of pb_utils.InferenceResponse. Length
        # of this list must match the length of `requests` list.
        return responses

    def finalize(self):
        """`finalize` is called only once when the model is being unloaded.
        Implementing `finalize` function is optional. This function allows
        the model to perform any necessary clean ups before exit.
        """
        print('Cleaning up...')
```          
To support 3rd libraries using in Python Backend, Triton build separate Conda environment. The above downloaded Conda environment contain Numpy and scikit-learn library. If you need any other 3rd libraries, you could create your own Conda environment follow [this](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/python_backend#2-packaging-the-conda-environment)
After creating your own models (AI model and Python Backend pre-processing and post-processing and [ensemble model](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/blob/main/docs/architecture.md), please zip all models into zip format before uploading into VDP.

#### Model standardization format output

> When creating a model usingn VDP, you could provide CV Task such as cls (i.e classification), dst (i.e detection). The VDP will format output of model into standarized structure. 
> Without specified cv task, the output will be Triton raw message [ModelInferResponse](https://github.com/kserve/kserve/blob/master/docs/predict-api/v2/grpc_predict_v2.proto) format
> For classification task, the format will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To standardise the output format of the model inference, you can specify the targeted Computer Vision (CV) task when creating a model in VDP. Here is a list of CV tasks that VDP supports.

For the `CLASSIFICATION` task, here is an output example:
```

```
{
    "contents": [
        {
            "contents": [
                {
                    "category": "dog",
                    "score": 0.980409,
                    "box": {
                        "top": 99.084984,
                        "left": 325.79257,
                        "width": 204.18991,
                        "height": 402.58002
                    }
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Note: To output with a standardised format, the post-processing Python model should output string with the following format:
```
{label name}:{label category}:{score} 
Example: dog:16:0.998824
```
```

> For object detection task, the format will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the `DETECTION` task, here is an output example:
```

```
{
    "contents": [
        {
            "category": "dog",
            "score": 0.998824
        }
    ]
}
```

> Note: To output with standardized output, the post-processing python model should provide below format
> For classification task, the Python post-processing should output string with format:
> ```
> {label name}:{label category}:{score} 
> Example: dog:16:0.998824
> ```  

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
```

> For object detection task, the Python post-processing should output 2 arrays for label and box objection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: To output with a standardised format, the post-processing PyThon model should output two arrays for Label and Box object:
```

Label array:
```
labels: [[label], label]]
```
Box object array:
```
bboxes: [[Left, Top, Width, Height, Score], [Left, Top, Width, Height, Score]]

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
If no CV task is specified when creating a model in VDP, the inference output will be in Triton raw message [ModelInferResponse](https://github.com/kserve/kserve/blob/master/docs/predict-api/v2/grpc_predict_v2.proto) format.
```
